add about/legal page for attributions (#230)
root-project/web: about/legal.md

---
layout: single
title: Legal
sidebar:
  nav: "about"
---

### Icons

> The website icons are made by Linearicons from [https://linearicons.com/](https://linearicons.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This website uses icons by Linearicons from [https://linearicons.com/](https://linearicons.com/).
```
